The biggest advantage using the diff command vs manually browsing the files
was simply the fact that I didn't have to sift through thousands of line of code.
In addition to this, diff was nice enough to show the +/- statements to show weather 
the code was in the new or old version. Because of this I could first look at just 
the code that has changed, and see exactly what about it changed.

The Pros of manually choosing a commit is foremost control. I can make a commit after each
logical step, such as adding a new feature. With automatic control it would most likely autosave
whith incomplete code (such as saving when I finish typing a line but not a complete statement). 
On the other hand, the benefit of autosaving features is simply the fact that we are human, and
tend to forget to do things, such as after changing over 100 lines of code.

Systems like Git allow saving groups of files mainly because when programming
quite often files depend on each other. For examply if you created a new method
within a class (where class is a seperate file), and were to then utilize that new 
method in another file/class, then both current versions would be required. Programs
like google docs are designed for monotasking, where usually edits dont depend
much on other files, thus the feature is not needed.

I can use the command git log to view the most recent commmits in order, a short description of what they 
do, and get a id number from each commit. From that id number I can use git diff followed by that id number,
to see the exact differences between that version, and the prior version, including what lines were added, 
and which lines were deleted.  

Using version control will make me more confident to make changes that could break my code because I will first of know 
that I can revert to previous versions of code. In the past when I've made any code changes, I tend to run
into the problem where suddenly a bunch of things don't work. By being able to revert, and compare versions to each other
I can more directly find out exactly what happened, and gain some insight on how to find find balance between the two versions. 

 
